Document DS disabled functionality when connected to FMS (#815)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/driverstation/driver-station.rst

  * `Enter` - Disable the Robot
  * `Space` - Emergency Stop the robot. After an emergency stop is triggered the roboRIO will need to be rebooted before the robot can be enabled again.

.. note:: Space bar will E-Stop the robot regardless of if the Driver Station window has focus or not

> .. warning:: When connected to FMS in a match, teams mush press the Team Station E-Stop button to emergency stop their robot as FMS ignores DS enable/disable and E-Stop signals and key shortcuts.

Reviewer: To be technically accurate, the FMS doesn't ignore, it's the DS that ignores the keyboard commands when connected to FMS.

> .. warning:: When connected to FMS in a match, teams mush press the Team Station E-Stop button to emergency stop their robot as FMS ignores DS enable/disable and E-Stop signals and key shortcuts.

Author: How about this?
```suggestion
.. warning:: When connected to FMS in a match, teams mush press the Team Station E-Stop button to emergency stop their robot as the DS enable/disable and E-Stop key shortcuts are ignored.
```

> .. warning:: When connected to FMS in a match, teams mush press the Team Station E-Stop button to emergency stop their robot as FMS ignores DS enable/disable and E-Stop signals and key shortcuts.

Reviewer 2: I think that's acceptable

> .. warning:: When connected to FMS in a match, teams mush press the Team Station E-Stop button to emergency stop their robot as FMS ignores DS enable/disable and E-Stop signals and key shortcuts.

Reviewer: mush->must

> .. warning:: When connected to FMS in a match, teams mush press the Team Station E-Stop button to emergency stop their robot as FMS ignores DS enable/disable and E-Stop signals and key shortcuts.

Author: So
```suggestion
.. warning:: When connected to FMS in a match, teams must press the Team Station E-Stop button to emergency stop their robot as the DS enable/disable and E-Stop key shortcuts are ignored.
```

> .. warning:: When connected to FMS in a match, teams mush press the Team Station E-Stop button to emergency stop their robot as FMS ignores DS enable/disable and E-Stop signals and key shortcuts.

Reviewer 2: Yes
